## Sprint 1 Review Meeting

### Date

- **Date of Meeting:** 11/20/24

### Meeting Details

- **Sprint Number:** 1
- **Duration:** 90 minutes
- **Attendees:** All team members

### Goals

- Showcase and reflect on progress made during the sprint
- Align on feedback from the professor to improve processes (e.g., iterative approach, clear commit messages)
- Finalize designs and prepare for the next sprint’s coding phase
- Establish clear plans for the upcoming video check-in

### Sprint Review Agenda [90 min]

#### Review Meeting (“Show and Tell” What We Accomplished) [15 min]

- Progress Review:
  - ADRs
  - CI/CD
  - Code Style/Practice
  - Agile Practice - Documents Review
- Discuss the last round's retrospective meeting [5 min]

#### Retrospective Meeting [5 min]

- Individual Inputs
- Group Sharing Thoughts

#### Decision-Making/Planning [45 min]

- Additional Meeting Times [10 min]
  - Previous [When2Meet](https://www.when2meet.com/?27316516-oENMF)
- Catchup on Suggestions from the Professor [5 min]:
  - [From Prof] Enforce iterative approach
  - [Recent Feedback] Make the commit messages clear (1-2 lines of what we did)
  - [Recent Feedback] Add branch protection in the CI/CD diagram
- Design Review [10 min]:
  - Mobile?
- Code Review [10 min]
- Plans for Before Video Check-in [20 min]

#### Slack Time [20 min]

### Accomplishments

- CI/CD is currently broken; efforts are ongoing to avoid using npm and likely implement ESLint soon.
- Unit testing does not exist yet.
- Initiated modularization in the playground:
  - Set up a runnable page with a side panel and basic JSON formatter functionality.
  - Integrated `json-formatter-tool.js` for handling formatting tasks.
  - Samyak conducted a local demo and discussed mobile dropdown and flexibility.
- Established code style and practices:
  - Created four markdown templates for issues: coding issue, non-coding issue, feature, and bug report.
  - Pull requests are directed to the playground branch.
- Entered ADR documentation, pending further discussion.
- TA emphasized the need for consistent naming conventions:
  - Completed Sprint 1 review of weekly progress.
  - Conducted Sprint 1 retrospective led by Samyak.
  - Prepared for Sprint 2 launch with planning and task allocation.
- Conducted retro:
  - Identified challenges such as limited contributions, unclear tasks, and experimentation by team members.
  - Scheduled a code review to align everyone on the current codebase and structure, with plans to reorganize the team by tomorrow.
  - Addressed issues with last-minute meeting scheduling by introducing open office hours.
  - Noted the current implementation does not fully align with the Figma design:
    - Acknowledged design changes may occur but stressed adherence to the design for Sprint 2.
    - Agreed to consolidate the team design on Friday.

### Demos and Media

1. [Demo] (https://cse210-fa24-group4.github.io/cse210-fa24-group4/src/index.html)
   <img width="1492" alt="image" src="https://github.com/user-attachments/assets/73035f3b-a00e-442f-8816-04a6fa3f8185">
